README.md, before:

# Greenwing

<hr>

Greenwing is a kanboard beautify theme with modern design.

What is Kanboard? Kanboard is project management software that focuses on the Kanban methodology.
You can access to Kanboard repository following this link:
https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard

## Screenshots

![alt text](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/DashboardView.png)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
![alt text](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/ListingTasks.png)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
![alt text](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/BoardView.png)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
![alt text](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/AddTask.png)
&nbsp;&nbsp;
![alt text](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/EditProfile.png)


## Author

* Confexion
* Licence MIT

## Features

* Beautify theme
* Custom KB logo (ref Config.php)
* Compatibility with others plugins (create issue to ask for new plugins compatibility)

## Requirements

Kanboard >= v1.2.9

## Installation guide

Download zip and decompress in plugins/Greenwing folder

## Reporting Issues

You can create issue for any bug: https://github.com/Confexion/Greenwing/issues/new

Commit message:

Fix modal header style, add compatibility with CardPushDate plugin, DueDate plugin, wiki plugin, setup customizable style

README.md, after:

# Greenwing

<hr>

Greenwing is a kanboard beautify theme with modern design.

What is Kanboard? Kanboard is project management software that focuses on the Kanban methodology.
You can access to Kanboard repository following this link:
https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard

## Screenshots

![Mockup 2](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/Mockup1.png)
&nbsp;
![Mockup 2](https://ctwwwmedias.blob.core.windows.net/default/github/greenwing/Mockup2.png)

## Author

* Confexion
* Licence MIT

## Features

* Beautify theme
* Custom KB logo (ref Config.php)
* Compatibility with others plugins (create issue to ask for new plugins compatibility)
* You can customize and edit this theme using tutorial below

## Requirements

Kanboard >= v1.2.9

## Installation guide

Download zip and decompress in plugins/Greenwing folder

## Customize guide

Check for node, npm, and npx installed with node --version, npm --version and npx --version

Install gulp globally with npm install --global gulp

Check gulp install with gulp --version

Go to kanboard/plugins/Greenwing folder

Copy all files from edit folder to Greenwing root folder

Run npm install or yarn install

Edit gulpfile.js host line 11 with your local kanboard link

Run gulp watch in Greenwing root folder

Now, you can edit scss files in Sass folder to customize theme.

## Reporting Issues

You can create issue for any bug: https://github.com/Confexion/Greenwing/issues/new
